>> Brian Holt: Now we're gonna work on the
solution to the Whack-A-Mole project, or
Feed-A-Star-Mole project.
[LAUGH] Cuz we're humanitarians here.
So I'm gonna close out all of this and
go back to the Frontend Masters
bootcamp website, and
I'm gonna go back to
the Feed-A-Star-Mole project here and
I'm gonna download the zip file,
whatever that was.
>> Brian Holt: Here,
grab them here at the bottom.
[SOUND] Mole that's it.
Okay, so if I'll,
>> Brian Holt: And
then, just going to open it here.
>> Brian Holt: Just put
that on my desktop.
>> Brian Holt: And
open it in Visual Studio code.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so you can see
here you should have a bunch of images.
And then I also have my CSS and
my HTML and my JS in here.
So that you can kind of reference
it as you're building this as well.
I'm gonna create new files here.
So I'm gonna call this one, index.html.
>> Brian Holt: Put html colon 5 in here.
>> Brian Holt: There we go.
>> Brian Holt: And let's just go ahead and
open this in,
>> Brian Holt: Here.
>> Brian Holt: Desktop>
mole-game> index.html.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
you don't see anything over there yet.
>> Brian Holt: So you have this big
project in front of you, right?
This is a decently complicated game
that you have to deal with elements like
time and clicks and a bunch of kind of
interactions in that particular sense,
you have to keep track of the score.
So, it's kinda like standing at the base
of the mountain looking up is how,
what am I going to do from here,
how do I get up the mountain?
And kind of what I've
alluded to previously,
it's much better to rather than try
to climb the mountain all at once.
It's better to like, make it into smaller
hills that you just have to climb
a small hill, solve one problem and
then move on to the next problem.
There's many, many ways you can
kind of attack this problem.
I'm just the way that my brain thinks,
I'm much better if all of the HTML and
CSS is in relatively good order
before I start on the JavaScript.
So let's go ahead and
start with something like that.